Provide registry credentials during  SAIF installation (#90)
SUSE/doc-suse-ai: articles/ai-factory-deployment.adoc

:app: {saifoperator}
include::../snippets/ai-rancher-multicluster.adoc[]

[#ai-factory-deployment-helm]
:override-title: How do I install {productname} using the {helm} CLI?
include::../tasks/ai-factory-deployment-helm.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#ai-factory-deployment-rancher-ui]
:override-title: How do I install {productname} using Rancher?
include::../tasks/ai-factory-deployment-rancherui.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[#aif-credentials-install]

> :override-title: Can I provide repositories credentials during {productname} installation?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:override-title: Can I provide repository credentials during the {productname} installation?
```
